Fixes app enablement and solutions (#1604)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/filterable-asset-selection-in-datapoint-selector.md

---
date: 2023-12-06T11:20:12.275Z

> title: Filterable asset selection in datapoint selector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Filterable asset selection in data point selector
```

change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area:
  - value: product_area-eC7h0SiQ2b
    label: Application enablement & solutions
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
technical_component:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
jira: MTM-54463
version: 10.18.346.0
---

> The asset selection in the datapoint selector is now filterable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The asset selection in the data point selector is now filterable.
```
